***
This assignment is in progress. I just have the last little section, conclusion, and FAQs to go. As far as feedback, I just want to know if it makes any sense and flows well. 
***
# How to Manage an Online Community Using Spredfast
Imagine logging into your social media accounts and having hundreds, maybe even thousands of comments, mentions, and messages to check. For some large corporations, this is a reality for them every single day. In fact, it has become such a large part of digital marketing and public relations, there are teams of employees dedicated solely to working on managing the online community for the business. Chances are, if you’re reading this document, you are involved in social media management, digital marketing, public relations, or another field that interacts with an online community. An online community is the interaction between the social media page and its followers. Depending on the social media platform, followers can mention, like, comment, direct message, or share posts from the business’s account and the business’s account can chose to respond to mentions and comment when seen as necessary. The engagement between followers and a social media page is considered the online community. In recent years, companies are taking control of their online communities typically using third party software systems. In the instructions below, steps detail how to successfully manage an online community using the software Spredfast Conversations. Using Spredfast Conversations allows businesses to filter through every comment, mention, message, post, tag, and anything that involves them. In the instructions below, it will walk you step by step in how to open items, select the proper sentiment, label the topics and subtopics, comment if required, and close the item. 
Spredfast is an effective software tool that many large companies including Target, Monsanto, General Motors, and the NBA. Spredfast is a diverse software with many different services. The website can be utilized to collect social media data, target audiences, organize campaign, and what will be outlined today, managing online communities.  This specific set of instructions is intended to be a guide for social media professionals who are familiar with the industry, but not the Spredfast software. Spredfast and this guide is a beneficial tool for those wanting to monitor, analyze, and interact with their online community. 
## Getting Started
1.	Log into your Spredfast account. The button to access your account is located in the upper right-hand portion of the screen. It is very important to ensure that you are logging into the correct section of the website. The direct url for Conversations is https://www.spredfast.com/social-marketing-platform/spredfast-conversations. 
2.	Once logged in, you should be directed to the main screen with the following layout from left to right: My Queue, Primary Collection, To-Do List, Responses, and Closed.
3.	My Queue is the section where you can save items for later or other users on the same account can assign you items. 
4.	The Primary Collection is the space that shows new comments, mentions, messages, and any other information being monitored in the community. Every item that will come through begins in the Primary Collection. From there, you can open the item and move it into the your To Do List. 
5.	To open an item and move it into your To Do List, you will need to click on the three little dots on the bottom of the item. There will be a list of options, but you will want to click on Open. Opening an item allows you to label and respond to it. If you open up an item, but did not mean to, you can click on the same three dots and choose the Release option. Releasing an item simply means that you are putting it back into the Primary Collection. 
## Labeling 	
6.	After opening the item, the next step is to label the items. Labeling allows you to know what topics followers are engaging with. 
7.	To label an item, you can click on the icon that look like a label or price tag. The different labels with appear. The different options to label are Sentiment, Topic, Subtopic, Response, and Publisher. 
8.	Determining sentiment is very important when labeling. Sentiment is the reaction behind the post. The options are positive, neutral, and negative. A post with a positive sentiment will be favorable towards the company, while a neutral item will show no bias. Typically news articles and questions that inquire on a topic are neutral. Negative items, everyone’s favorite, say something that is demeaning or harmful on the business. Hopefully, most posts will be positive or neutral. 
9.	Choosing a topic for the item is relatively easy. Most businesses will have a handful of topics that they see people discussing in their communities. For example, a large retailer such as Target might have topics such as customer service, employment opportunities, and inventory concerns. Topics can range based on the company’s presence and the conversation about them online. 
10.	Subtopics, like Topics, can range considering the different factors for a business. Subtopics help you narrow down items into more categories if a Topic is vague. There does not always need to be a subtopic, if the item is too broad to be placed under an even more specific category. For our topic examples with Target, an item could be labeled with a topic like customer service and a subtopic of product return. 
11.	The Actionable label is where you decide whether or not to respond to the item. Responding to comments can vary from liking, sharing, or commenting on the item. If an item needs to be addressed, you can mark it as actionable. Depending on what your company's strategy for managing social media communities, you could have many items that are actionable, or very few. 
12. The Publisher label has users identifiy who publihsed the item. Monitoring who on the online community is posting certain content helps with further analytics. Examples of Publisher categories can be employees, influencers, trolls, or general followers. 
## Responding 
13. If an item is determined to be actionable, this is where it gets fun. 
14. Next to the three dots and label icon, there is a conversation bubble icon. Click on trhe icon and it will lead you to a drop down list with comment, like, share. 
15. Choose with action you would like to initaite for the item. 
16. If you are responding with a comment, it is highly recomended that each company has a guidline book that includes legally approved responses. It is very important that each response is legally approved by the company so there is no chance that using a response from the book will land the business in legal trouble. In the guidelines you can have answers to common questions, comments, and requests. 
17. If you are liking or sharing, you only need to click 'like' or 'share" and the software will automatically do that for you on the platform. To comment, you will click on "comment" where you will type your response and hit publish to make the comment public. 
## Closing 
18. Once you finish opening, labeling, and responding to the item, you are able to close and dismiss it. 
19. To close the item, you will once again need to click on the three little dots on the bottom of the item. The drop down will give you mutliple options, including close. Closing the item makes the user unable to make an changes to the item. 
20. After closing, to make the item disappear you will need to dismiss it. 
21. To dismiss the item, you wll click on the same three litte dots and this time choose dismiss. This will elimiante the item from your To-Do List. 
## Conclusion
As the consumer and business realtionships move online, it is essential that businesses manage their online community to contuine to enagege with their customers. Spredfast is a tool that enables companies to monitor and directly interact with their followers.The instructions above walk through how to open, label, act upon, and close an item through the Spredfast software. It also describes the different options within each step. With this guide, you will be able to handle the growing online community. 

## Frequently Asked Questions
What is an item?
For the purpose of these instructions and using Spredfast, an item is anything that comes through Spredfast from the online community. An item can be a comment, share, tag, mention, or a direct message. 
Can I manage multiple accounts on Spredfast?
Yes, you can manage more than one account on Spredfast. It is easy to switch from one account to another using the top bar of the website. You can drop down to the different account and chose which one to manage. 
